CLDR-18744 Revise flagged item message in Survey Tool (#4803)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation/getting-started/guide.md

![alt-text](../../images/gettingStartedGuideGeneralInfo.png)

> <a id='20-vote-items-may-not-be-modified'>

Author: The <a...> is to preserve the old link, for stability. The new link is constructed automatically from the title after ###

> <a id='20-vote-items-may-not-be-modified'>

Reviewer: Okay, I don't think we need the old anchor anymore though? I'd rather keep a new anchor for stability.

> <a id='20-vote-items-may-not-be-modified'>

Author: We add the old anchor when we change. We don't want to add duplicates of all the automatic anchors.

### Changing Protected Items

> Some items have change-protection in place that will stop vetters from changing it, but you can still advocate a change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some items have change-protection in place that will stop the item value from changing without the CLDR Technical Commmittee's approval, but you can still advocate a change.
```

1. Click on the “**Flag for Review button**”.
2. On the new page, you'll see a message box.
3. Enter the change that you want to make, and add a justification for changing it.

>     - Make sure that the justification is clear to people who don't speak your language.

Reviewer: Can we consider adding a line recommending that vetters provide links to reference materials?
